I am always ready for a war again
Go down that road again
It is all the same
I am always ready to take a life again
You know I will ride again
It is all the same
Tell me who′s gon′ save me from myself
When this life is all I know
Tell me who′s gon′ save
me from this hell
Without you‚ I am all alone
Who gon′ pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
′Cause I am alone‚ you see
If I am gon′ die for you
If I am gon′ kill for you
Then I will spill this
blood for you‚ hey
I fight the world‚ I fight
you‚ I fight myself
I fight God‚ just tell me
how many burdens left
I fight pain and hurricanes‚
today I wept
I am tryna fight back tears‚
flood on my doorsteps
Life a livin′ hell‚ puddles
of blood in the streets
Shooters on top of the building‚
government aid ain′t relief
Earthquake‚ the body drop‚
the ground breaks
The poor run with smoke
lungs and Scarface
Who need a hero? (Hero)
You need a hero‚ look in the
mirror‚ there go your hero
Who on the front lines at
ground zero? (Hero)
My heart don′t skip a beat‚ even when
hard times bumps the needle
Mass destruction and mass corruption
The souls of sufferin′ men
Clutchin′ on deaf ears again‚
rapture is comin′
It is all prophecy and if I gotta be
sacrificed for the greater good
Then that′s what it gotta be
Who gon′ pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
′Cause I am alone‚ you see
If I am gon′ die for you
If I am gon′ kill for you
Then I will spill this
blood for you‚ hey
Hey‚ hey‚ hey‚ hey
Who gon′ pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
′Cause I am alone‚ you see
If I am gon′ die for you
If I am gon′ kill for you
Then I will spill this
blood for you‚ hey
Just in case my faith go‚
I live by my own law
I live by my own law‚ I live by my own
Just in case my faith go‚
I live by my own law
I live by my own law‚ I live by my own